{
"room-descriptions":
  {
  "upstairs-hall": "Portraits of long-deceased *estate-name* family members line the walls of the upstairs hall, eyeing your every movement.",
  "upstairs-hall2": "Portraits of long-deceased *estate-name* family members line the walls of the upstairs hall, eyeing your every movement.",
  "doorway-dining-room": "This doorway leads into the dining room.",
  "kitchen": "The kitchen is dominated by a colonial cooking fireplace. A collection of brass pots and pans hang above a butcher block table in the center of the room.",
  "main-hall" : "A musty persian wool rug runs the length of the main hall, which is dimly lit by a number of antique candelabras in need of a good dusting.",
  "main-hall2" : "A musty persian wool rug runs the length of the main hall, which is dimly lit by a number of antique candelabras in need of a good dusting.",
  "study": "You are in the study. Piles of documents and leather-bound books cover every available surface. The room smells of cigarettes and brandy.",
  "conservatory": "The walls of the conservatory are hung with an acid green oriental paper. Crystal chandeliers illuminate the room's many musical instruments.",
  "doorway-master-bathroom": "This is the entrance to the bathroom.",
  "dining-room": "This is the dining room. A wrought iron gothic chandelier hangs above the oak dining table. The table is set for dinner.",
  "doorway-library": "This door leads into the library.",
  "guest-room": "You are in a sparsely furnished guest room. The decrepit wallpaper's rocking horse print hints at times past.", 
  "master-bedroom": "You are standing in the master bedroom. The king-size bed is covered by an orange velvet canopy. A bay window overlooks a neglected garden.",
  "secret-passage": "You have discovered a secret passageway. A single candle lights the narrow corridor. Cobwebs suggest the presence of spiders.",
  "doorway-living-room": "This doorway leads into the living room.",
  "upper-stairs": "You are on the staircase leading to the main floor of the estate. The creaking of the stairs announces your presence.",
  "lower-stairs": "This staircase leads to the second floor. The carpet runner is saturated with muddy footprints.",
  "doorway-conservatory": "This is the entrance to the conservatory.",
  "doorway-kitchen": "This door leads into the kitchen.",
  "master-bathroom": "The master bathroom has been fitted with floor to ceiling red ceramic tile. An unecessary amount of mirrors capture every angle.",
  "library": "The library is paneled with oak and furnished with leather. Half-read books lie open on a desk, their pages flapping in the breeze of an open window.",
  "doorway-guest-room": "This door leads into the guest room.",
  "doorway-study": "This door leads into the study.",
  "doorway-master-bedroom": "This is the entrance to the master bedroom",
  "pantry": "The pantry shelves are largely empty, with the exception of a few canned goods. A scullery sink in the far corner is piled high with dirty dishes.",
  "living-room": "This is the living room. Heavy tarps conceal most of the furniture. A single set of footprints cut through a thick layer of dust."
  }
}
